---
id: InitializerAuRa
title: InitializerAuRa
---

<div class="contract-doc"><div class="contract"><h2 class="contract-header"><span class="contract-kind">contract</span> InitializerAuRa</h2><p class="base-contracts"><span>is</span> <a href="abstracts_ContractsAddresses.html">ContractsAddresses</a></p><p class="description">Used once on network startup and then destroyed on the genesis block. Needed for initializing upgradeable contracts on the genesis block since upgradeable contracts can&#x27;t have constructors.</p><div class="source">Source: <a href="https://github.com/poanetwork/posdao-contracts/blob/v0.1.0/contracts/InitializerAuRa.sol" target="_blank">contracts/InitializerAuRa.sol</a></div></div><div class="index"><h2>Index</h2><ul><li><a href="InitializerAuRa.html#">fallback</a></li></ul></div><div class="reference"><h2>Reference</h2><div class="functions"><h3>Functions</h3><ul><li><div class="item function"><span id="fallback" class="anchor-marker"></span><h4 class="name">fallback</h4><div class="body"><code class="signature">function <strong></strong><span>(address _erc20TokenContract, address _owner, address[] _miningAddresses, address[] _stakingAddresses, bool _firstValidatorIsUnremovable, uint256 _delegatorMinStake, uint256 _candidateMinStake, uint256 _stakingEpochDuration, uint256 _stakeWithdrawDisallowPeriod, uint256 _collectRoundLength) </span><span>public </span></code><hr/><dl><dt><span class="label-parameters">Parameters:</span></dt><dd><div><code>_erc20TokenContract</code> - The address of the ERC20/677 staking token contract. Can be initialized as zero and defined later using the `StakingAuRa.setErc20TokenContract` function.</div><div><code>_owner</code> - The contracts&#x27; owner.</div><div><code>_miningAddresses</code> - The array of initial validators&#x27; mining addresses.</div><div><code>_stakingAddresses</code> - The array of initial validators&#x27; staking addresses.</div><div><code>_firstValidatorIsUnremovable</code> - The boolean flag defining whether the first validator in the `_miningAddresses/_stakingAddresses` array is non-removable. Must be `false` for production network.</div><div><code>_delegatorMinStake</code> - The minimum allowed amount of delegator stake in STAKE_UNITs (see the `StakingAuRa` contract).</div><div><code>_candidateMinStake</code> - The minimum allowed amount of candidate stake in STAKE_UNITs (see the `StakingAuRa` contract).</div><div><code>_stakingEpochDuration</code> - The duration of a staking epoch in blocks (e.g., 120960 = 1 week for 5-seconds blocks in AuRa).</div><div><code>_stakeWithdrawDisallowPeriod</code> - The duration period (in blocks) at the end of a staking epoch during which participants cannot stake or withdraw their staking tokens (e.g., 4320 = 6 hours for 5-seconds blocks in AuRa).</div><div><code>_collectRoundLength</code> - The length of a collection round in blocks (see the `RandomAuRa` contract).</div></dd></dl></div></div></li></ul></div></div></div>
